#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.2
    # via langchain
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.6.2.post1
    # via
    #   groq
    #   httpcore
    #   starlette
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
distro==1.9.0
    # via groq
fastapi==0.115.5
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.10.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
groq==0.12.0
    # via langchain-groq
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==0.17.3
    # via httpx
httpx==0.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   groq
    #   langsmith
huggingface-hub==0.26.2
    # via
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via torch
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.19
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-groq
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-groq==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.2
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.143
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   transformers
orjson==3.10.11
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
propcache==0.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   groq
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   transformers
    #   vadersentiment
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via transformers
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   groq
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via langchain
starlette==0.41.3
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.13.3
    # via torch
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
tokenizers==0.15.2
    # via transformers
torch==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.67.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
transformers==4.37.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   groq
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.23.1
    # via -r requirements.in
vadersentiment==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.17.2
    # via aiohttp
transformers
